(docs): add documentation on visual testing (#11906)
webdriverio/webdriverio: website/docs/visual-testing/test-output.md

---
id: test-output
title: Test Output
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## save(Screen/Element/FullPageScreen)

### Console Output

The `save(Screen/Element/FullPageScreen)` methods will provide the following information after the method has been executed:

```js

> const saveResult = {
>     // The device pixel ratio of the instance that has run
>     devicePixelRatio: 1,
>     // The formatted filename, this depends on the options `formatImageName`
>     fileName: "examplePage-chrome-latest-1366x768.png",
>     // The path where the actual screenshot file can be found
>     path: "/Users/wswebcreation/Git/wdio-image-comparison-service/.tmp/actual/desktop_chrome",
> };

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
const saveResult = await browser.saveFullPageScreen({ ... })
console.log(saveResults)
/**
 * {
 *   // The device pixel ratio of the instance that has run
 *   devicePixelRatio: 1,
 *   // The formatted filename, this depends on the options `formatImageName`
 *   fileName: "examplePage-chrome-latest-1366x768.png",
 *   // The path where the actual screenshot file can be found
 *   path: "/path/to/project/.tmp/actual/desktop_chrome",
 * };
 */
```

:::

![saveScreen Mobile iOS](./img/test-output/screenshot-Iphone12Portrait15-390x844.png)
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="savefullpagescreen">

```js
await browser.saveFullPageScreen("full-page-tag");
```

<Tabs
defaultValue="desktop"
values={[
{label: 'Desktop', value: 'desktop'},
{label: 'Android', value: 'android'},
{label: 'iOS', value: 'ios'},
]
}>
<TabItem value="desktop">
![saveFullPageScreens Desktop](./img/test-output/fullPage-chrome-latest-1366x768.png)
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="android">
![saveFullPageScreens Mobile Android](./img/test-output/fullPage-EmulatorAndroidGoogleAPIPortraitChromeDriver14.0-384x640.png)
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ios">
![saveFullPageScreens Mobile iOS](./img/test-output/fullPage-Iphone12Portrait16-390x844.png)
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## check(Screen/Element/FullPageScreen)

### Console Output

By default, the `check(Screen/Element/FullPageScreen)` methods will only provide a mismatch percentage like `1.23`, but when the plugin has the option `returnAllCompareData: true` the following information is provided after the method has been executed:

```js

> const checkResult = {
>     // The formatted filename, this depends on the options `formatImageName`
>     fileName: "examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
>     folders: {
>         // The actual folder and the file name
>         actual: "/Users/wswebcreation/Git/wdio-image-comparison-service/.tmp/actual/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
>         // The baseline folder and the file name
>         baseline:
>             "/Users/wswebcreation/Git/wdio-image-comparison-service/localBaseline/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
>         // This following folder is optional and only if there is a mismatch
>         // The folder that holds the diffs and the file name
>         diff: "/Users/wswebcreation/Git/wdio-image-comparison-service/.tmp/diff/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
>     },
>     // The mismatch percentage
>     misMatchPercentage: 2.34,
> };

Reviewer: same here
```suggestion
const checkResult = await browser.checkFullPageScreen({ ... })
console.log(checkResult)
/**
 * {
 *     // The formatted filename, this depends on the options `formatImageName`
 *     fileName: "examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
 *     folders: {
 *         // The actual folder and the file name
 *         actual: "/path/to/project/.tmp/actual/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
 *         // The baseline folder and the file name
 *         baseline:
 *             "/path/to/project/localBaseline/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
 *         // This following folder is optional and only if there is a mismatch
 *         // The folder that holds the diffs and the file name
 *         diff: "/path/to/project/.tmp/diff/desktop_chrome/examplePage-chrome-headless-latest-1366x768.png",
 *     },
 *     // The mismatch percentage
 *     misMatchPercentage: 2.34,
 * };
 */
```
